{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The file \'93Rep Request 531 - Final.xlsx\'94 is the result of the following records request: \
\
\'93
\f1\b\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Records Requested: 
\f0\b0 I am hoping to obtain the following item: Idaho Driver's Licenses in Force from 2014-2023, broken down by age in years (or birth year) and county of issue. The data available on the DMV's records page (attached) only cover 2018-2023 and are not broken down by age. If providing exact ages isn't possible, I would like the age bins to match the Driver's License Migration by State and Age data (also attached) so that I can use them together. Please let me know if you have any questions about this request.\'94\
\
Sarah Anderson at the DMV (sara.anderson@itd.idaho.gov) fulfilled the request with the following notes: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Prior to 2018 we were on the mainframe for driver license data and that data is not accurate for this type of reporting. However, we can provide driver license in-force data for 2018 \'96 2023 (or 2024 to date) by age. \
\
One thing to keep in mind with this data is that we have only recently gotten back on track, in May 2024, with receiving death notifications to update in our system. We are now tied back in to a system with NAPHSIS/SSA that will notify us of deceased status so current and future years will reflect more accurate data.\
\'a0\
Due to issues with data and reporting, in 2018 we stopped using vital statistics to update decease status. In 2021 we stopped using NAPHSIS (a SSA non-profit contractor) to update status. After some needed changes, we resumed using the death file provided by NAPHSIS in May 2024 to update our records and will continue with quarterly checks moving forward. }